In this clip, we're going to take a look at the application load balancer.
Now, this load balancer, as we know, is working up to layer 7,
and it's going to be doing its job at a much lower
level than the classic load balancer.
The layer 7 load balancer, a little more sophisticated.
It can inspect the packet, it has access to the headers,
the HTTP/HTTPS headers,
and therefore can do a much smarter job of routing the requests.
But the big reason for this load balancer isn't really to
compete with say a NetScaler for balancing traditional
applications that work at layer 7.
We do want to work at layer 7, but this is for containers,
for Docker containers hosted by monstrous EC2 instances.
Just like any other feature for Amazon, it's using compute and storage,
so we have an EC2 instance running the Docker engine,
on top of that engine, we can run containers.
Many,
many applications are starting to be rewritten and
hosted in the container mindset.
So, I can route the requests based on the target groups selected by the customer.
Now if I've got an application that runs in a container,
and if I can manage these routing requests based on the target groups,
well if you're a customer that is managing a lot of
applications by making them stateless, are you starting to use microservices,
very small, distinct services, why don't I pack them into containers,
and then giving the ability to route to those target groups
that host those containerized applications.
So this is really the main reason for this load balancer,
for being able to host containers and microservices and dispense with the
old stack of a virtual machine operating system and application moving
down to an application hosted in a container,
this is really a big deal.
So in this class,
we're giving you a bit of detail on this load balancer
and giving you an idea of architecture.
So when I'm routing these requests,
what do we do with our old load balancer we dealt with?
I'm routing to something that's healthy,
traffic is sent to any healthy target in the target group itself,
and so decisions are made on the content of the application traffic,
again, we're at the lower packet level,
and this is also defined as content-based routing.
And so if I have access to the headers, then I can say,
oh you want to go to that back-end service,
I'm going to route you there.
And as we're going to see, we can also scale.
Now this content-based routing, supporting containerized applications,
uses a couple of protocols that are pretty well known in the industry,
specifically WebSockets and HTTP/2.
Now this allows me to support path-based routing,
so the listener in the application load balancer
taking request now based on the URL, and it can be unsecured or secured.
If I've got this routing, and as mentioned with these new protocols,
I now can route requests to the multiple services running on a single instance.
A couple of additional features of the load balancer.
We have the ability of using access logs to capture detailed
information about any requests or connections that are
actually sent to the load balancer.
Now this is not enabled by default, but once I enable this,
then the logs are actually going to be sent to an S3 bucket that I specify.
We can have up to 1, 000 targets per load balancer,
so we have a lot of room for growth here.
If I start running many hundreds of containers on a single,
large instance, the load balancer can handle that.
I can also have a little bit of protection so I don't delete my load balancer,
so I can enable deletion protection.
I can track the requests from the client to the target in my
target groups via something called request tracing.
I can also support IP version 6 for the internet-facing ALB,
and you may be thinking, well this would be internal,
right?
Well what if I start hosting web applications in a VPC,
and I want to use IP version 6,
and I want public customers to access this application?
So thinking down the road with Wired Brain Coffee,
the developers are thinking of maybe rewriting the application,
hosting it in a container,
and using the application load balancer as the front end to the applications,
removing the multiple instances running the web servers,
they would now be in containers.
And finally, if I have a classic load balancer,
and I want to take that configuration and migrate it
to the application load balancer, I can do that as well.
Let's take a look at some of the distinct operations of the
ALB that differentiate it from the classic.
So we can define a rule that can be configured for each listener.
Remember the listener is listening on the public or private IP
address on the incoming ports to the load balancer,
and I can define these rules that say this is the condition that has to match.
If the condition matches, well I'll carry out the action,
if the condition is satisfied.
So for example, maybe it's a request for some images at a particular path,
well it's going to be a lot quicker to say,
well let's forward that request directly to that S3 bucket.
It's almost like a conditional forwarder, like we see in DNS.
The distinct difference though is that in this case the pattern has
to match before the forwarding will take place,
so something that we can do with the ALB.
Now I also can take the application load balancer,
and I can integrate this with the application firewall,
and so this web application firewall,
we're going to talk about a little later in this module,
so we'll leave that point alone,
but we can have some handy integration in front of the load balancer
for additional protection for incoming traffic.
The ALB is also integrated with certificates, kind of makes sense, right?
I've got a load balancer,
I might have certificates for authentication for my company,
I can integrate this with the AWS certificate management,
and it's a pretty simple process to bind the certificates to the ALB.
I can also collect metrics on a per-port basis,
which means the health checks are now defined at the target group level,
so this now means that I can collect metrics based
on the container or microservice,
so there's many CloudWatch metrics that report at the target group level.
So one thing I could then do is auto scale a target group of containers,
so we're seeing the evolution of the auto scaling group with instances
with the classic load balancer to auto scaling a target group of
containers with the application load balancer.
So that's a look at some of the details of the ALB, or application load balancer.